Update designing-user-interfaces.md to add XAML Hot Reload (#3705)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/designers/designing-user-interfaces.md

| Designing desktop applications that use the WPF flavor of XAML | [Get started with Windows Presentation Foundation](../designers/getting-started-with-wpf.md) |
| Developing a DirectX application in Visual Studio | [Work with 3D assets for games and apps](../designers/working-with-3-d-assets-for-games-and-apps.md) |
| Standard icons available for your programs | [The Visual Studio image library](../designers/the-visual-studio-image-library.md) |

> | Creating XAML UI while your app is running using XAML Hot Reload | [Write and debug running XAML code with XAML hot reload in Visual Studio](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/debugger/xaml-hot-reload) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Creating XAML UI while your app is running using XAML Hot Reload | [Write and debug running XAML code with XAML hot reload in Visual Studio](../debugger/xaml-hot-reload.md) |
```

Relative links are checked at build time so use them whenever possible.
